How to play:

You play against 3 computer opponents that bet and combine their cards
as they see fit.

> Bet the blind.
> You get 3 cards. All of which can be combined.
> Bet, check, or fold (forfeit your hand).
> 2 community cards are placed onto the table.
> 1 more card is given to everybody.
> (Optional) combine cards in hand.
> Bet, check, or fold.
> 1 more community card is placed onto the table.
> 1 more card is given to everybody.
> (Optional) combine cards in hand.
> Bet, check, or fold.
> Engage in the Showdown.

Blind bet:
    Blind is the bet that the player to the immediate left of the dealer 
    has to place. Everybody else has to place this bet to play the game.
    The dealer is indicated by the dealer (D) graphic during the game.
    
Combination of cards:
    These are the 5 cards you get during the course of the game that
    can be combined to form more stronger cards.
    Card combination can only be done once per round.

    Card combination works the following way:
        The player can use addition, subtraction,
        division, and multiplication to combine 2 cards into 1.

    Addition example:
        The player has combination cards 3 of hearts, 2 of spades, 
        5 of clubs, and queen of diamonds, the player could combine 
        the 3 and the 2 to make a 5. The suit of the resulting 
        5 would be the suit of the combination card with the larger 
        value (since 3 is larger than 2, the 5 would become a 5 of hearts). 
        Once combined, the player would have a 5 of hearts, 5 of clubs, 
        and queen of diamonds for their combination cards.

    Subtraction example: 
        if the combination is 5 of spades subtract 2 of clubs, 
        the combined card would be 3 of spades. The suit of the 
        combined card in a subtracting combination would be of 
        the card with the higher value. 

    Multiplication example: 
        3 of clubs, 2 of hearts, 1 of spades and 5 of diamonds 
        are the combination cards available. The 3 and 2 are multiplied, 
        giving 6 of clubs (suit is clubs because of the 3 of clubs, 
        the higher value card). The 1 and 5 can be multiplied, 
        resulting in a 5 of diamonds. 

    Division example: 
        7 of clubs, 5 of hearts, 2 of spades and 10 of diamonds 
        are the combination cards available. 
        The 10 is divided by the 2, resulting in a 5 of diamonds.  

        Note: Division can only work if the resulting number is a 
        whole number. You cannot get numbers with a decimal
        and round them.

Showdown:
    The Showdown occurs at the very end of the game.
    During the Showdown, every player's hand is revealed.
    The player is then shown whether they won, tied, or lost
    the game they were playing. If they won, they claimed the
    money in the pot; if they tied, they got half of the pot;
    if they lost, they got no money from the pot.